Add information about Postgres for SC (#6837)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/transports.md

  * *Optional* `Subscriptions Table=<subscription_table_name>@<schema>` - to specify the schema.
  * *Optional* `Subscriptions Table=<subscription_table_name>@<schema>@<catalog>` - to specify the schema and catalog.

## PostgreSQL

In addition to the [connection string options of the transport](/transports/postgresql/connection-settings.md#connection-configuration) the following ServiceControl specific options are available in versions 5.10 and above:

> * `Queue Schema=<schema_name>` - Specifies custom schema for the ServiceControl input queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Queue Schema=<schema_name>` - Specifies a custom schema for the ServiceControl input queue.
```

* `Subscriptions Table=<subscription_table_name>` - Specifies PostgreSQL subscription table name.

>   * *Optional* `Subscriptions Table=<subscription_table_name>@<schema>` - to specify the schema.

Author: I am not sure if this bit here is correct.

>   * *Optional* `Subscriptions Table=<subscription_table_name>@<schema>` - to specify the schema.

Author: This should perhaps be change to the below to match what's in the manifest file?
```suggestion
  * *Optional* `Subscriptions Table=schema.tablename` - to specify the schema.
```
